


Question 6 =

A =
A Resolution =

B =
B Resolution = A couple days after drinking the Rockstars you begin to worry about what the Academy would do to you if
you were forced to take a drug test upon returning to the yard.  You decide to reach out to an old high school friend tyrned drug dealer
to ask if there is anything you can do to get it out of your system or mask it during a drug test.  Your friend puts you in contact with
his supplier and the two of you agree to meet two days before you have to fly back to Annapolis.  When you go to meet him at his apartment
you a greeted at the door with a frying pan to the face.  You wake up in a bathtub surrounded by surgical instruments and a new set of
stitches on either side of your lower back.  No more kidneys!

C = Take the drink but set it aside and leave it unopened
C Resolution = You are drug tested upon arrival back to USNA.  You do not test possitive for marijuwana but the same cannot be said for
the heroine you had been shooting while


Question 7 = You are trying to sneak out of a football game early.  A couple minutes after march-on you begin walking toward the location you
set an uber to pick you up at.  As you begin making your way through the parking lot an officer stops you and asks where you think you're going

A = Run, the uber is close!
A Resolution = it was Commander Bradford.  He caught you, easily.  You are now being scolded and berated 2003 enhanced interrogation style

B = Tell him you have a legitimate excusal
B Resolution = It was Commander Bradford.  He could tell you were lying because he could hear your heartbeat and sense your hyperactive
nervous system.  Honor offense

C = Admit to your scheme and walk back to the stadium
C resolution = The officer tells you "better luck next time" and watches you walk back to the stadium defeated.




Question 8 = you fell asleep at your desk and wakeup to the sound of 15 minute MQF chow calls.  You realize that you fell asleep before you were
able to study for your physics exam.

A = fake SIQ
A Resolution = You try to fake a concussion.  You go to BMU and tell the nurse you are dizzy, have a headache, cannot look at light without
it hurting your head, your pupils are dilated, and you are hypersensitive to loud noises. The doctor tells you that he knows exactly what
must be wrong with you. "Sprained ankle!"  You are shocked that this is the best medical attention the navy could provide. Thanks BMU

B = Convince everyone else in your class to pretend that the teacher told your class that the text would be tomorrow
B resolution = Everyone folds like a burrito.  You have to take the test and your grade drops by a letter

C = Skip breakfast to study
C resolution = You got a B!  Cramming work!


Question 9 = You are on Mian-O when someone calls asking for the MOOW to come unlock their door.  The MOOW has already
 unlocked three other doors only during the time you have been on watch.

A = Tell them that the
